# 2018/5/11

## CS:APP

* The shell is a command-line interpreter that prints a prompt.
* The `main memory` is a temporary storage device that holds both a program and the data it manipulates while the processor is executing the program.

## Off-by-one error

* A common misconception with `strncat` is that the guaranteed null termination will not write beyond the maximum length. In reality it will write a terminating null character one byte beyond the maximum length specified.

        void foo (char *s)
        {
            char buf[15];
            memset(buf, 0, sizeof(buf));
            strncat(buf, s, sizeof(buf)); // Final parameter should be: sizeof(buf)-1
        }

## Game theory about trust

* Trust keeps a relationship going, but you need the knowledge of possible future repeat interactions before trust can evolve.
* You must be playing a non-zero-sum game, a game where it's at least possible that both players can be better off -- a win-win.
* If the level of miscommunication is too high, trust breaks down. But when there's a little bit of miscommunication, it pays to be more forgiving.
* We're "merely" products of our environment.

## Google C++ Style Guide

* Define functions `inline` only when they are small, say, 10 lines or fewer.
* Inserting blank lines in `#include` to segment related header files.

## Professional JavaScript for Web Developers

* A `<script>` element using the src attribute should not include additional JavaScript code between the `<script>` and `</script>` tags. If both are provided, the script file is downloaded and executed while the inline code is ignored.
* Code from an external domain will be loaded and interpreted as if it were part of the page that is loading it. This capability allows you to serve up JavaScript from various domains if necessary.
* Modern web applications typically include all JavaScript references in the <body> element, after the page content.
* For XHTML documents, specify the `defer` attribute as `defer="defer"`,and,specify the `async` attribute as `async="async"`
* XHTML has been "Liang Le".
* Although it’s possible to embed JavaScript in HTML fi les directly, it’s generally considered a best practice to include as much JavaScript as possible using **external files**,for `maintainability`,`caching` and `future-proof`.
* Asynchronous scripts are not guaranteed to execute in the order in which they occur in the page.
* By convention, ECMAScript identifi ers use camel case, meaning that the first letter is lowercase and each additional word is offset by a capital letter.
* You may also specify just a function to execute in strict mode by including the pragma at the top of the function body:

```Javascript
function doSomething(){
        “use strict”;
        //function body
        }
```

* `Object` is an unordered list of name-value pairs.
* Calling `typeof null` returns a value of `“object”`, as the special value `null` is considered to be an empty object reference; Logically,a `null` value is an empty `object` pointer.
