# 2018/5/5

## The Art of Game Design

* But to truly understand game design is to understand an incredibly
  complex web of creativity, psychology, art, technology, and business.
* To truly learn, remember, and understand,your mind must be in a state of questing, of seeking to find
knowledge.
* Some of the greatest innovations have come from
  people who only succeeded because they were too dumb to know that what they
  were doing was impossible. Game design is decision making, and decisions must
  be made with confidence.
* Growth only happens when we exceed our limits.
* The most important skill for a game designer is listening.
* Designers
  of all types of entertainment—books, movies, plays, music, rides, everything—have
  to cope with the same issue: How can you create something that will generate a
  certain experience when a person interacts with it?
* Psychologists want to understand the mechanisms that make
  people tick, anthropologists want to understand people on a human level, and
  designers just want to make people happy.
* Artistic expression is not our goal. Our goal is to create
  powerful experiences.
* Everything we did and every decision we made were
  focused on whether it would reinforce the theme and deliver the essential experience
  we wanted to get across.
* Good problem statements
  tell both your goal and your constraints.

## Fifty Secrets of Magic Craftsmanship

> In order to make use of the slumber with a key you must seat yourself in a bony
> armchair, preferably of Spanish style, with your head tilted back and resting on the
> stretched leather back. Your two hands must hang beyond the arms of the chair,
> to which your own must be soldered in a supineness of complete relaxation…
> In this posture, you must hold a heavy key which you will keep suspended,
> delicately pressed between the extremities of the thumb and forefinger of your
> left hand. Under the key you will previously have placed a plate upside down
> on the floor. Having made these preparations, you will have merely to let
> yourself be progressively invaded by a sense of serene afternoon sleep, like the
> spiritual drop of anisette of your soul rising in the cube of sugar of your body.
> The moment the key drops from your fingers, you may be sure that the noise
> of its fall on the upside-down plate will awaken you, and you may be equally
> sure that this fugitive moment during which you cannot be assured of having
> really slept is totally sufficient, inasmuch as not a second more is needed for
> your whole physical and psychic being to be revivified by just the necessary
> amount of repose.

## Programming Collective Intelligence

* Drew new conclusions
  and created new business opportunities by using sophisticated algorithms to combine
  data collected from many different people.

* This is because these markets
  combine the knowledge, experience, and insight of thousands of people to
  create a projection rather than relying on a single person’s persepective.

* Python: Dictionaries are saved in memory.

* Pearson Correlation Score: The formula for this is more
complicated than the Euclidean distance score, but it tends to give better results in
situations where the data isn’t well normalized.
