# 2018/5/7

## Electron

* [Debugging on Windows](https://electronjs.org/docs/development/debug-instructions-windows#debugging-on-windows)

## DNS

### How does a DNS request work?

1.  Your browser asks your computer if it already recognizes the IP address identified by this domain name (**using a local DNS cache**). If it does, the name is translated to the IP address and the browser negotiates contents with the web server. End of story.
2.  If your computer does not know which IP is behind the mozilla.org name, it goes on to ask a DNS server, whose job is precisely to tell your computer which IP address matches each registered domain name.

## Noisy-channel coding theorem

* In information theory, the noisy-channel coding theorem (sometimes Shannon's theorem), establishes that for any given degree of noise contamination of a communication channel, it is possible to communicate discrete data (digital information) nearly error-free up to a computable maximum rate through the channel.

## URL

* An `anchor` represents a sort of "bookmark" inside the resource, giving the browser the directions to show the content located at that "bookmarked" spot. On an HTML document, for example, the browser will scroll to the point where the anchor is defined; on a video or audio document, the browser will try to go to the time the anchor represents. It is worth noting that the part after the #, also known as the _fragment identifier_, is never sent to the server with the request.
* URL does not start with /, the browser will attempt to find the document in a sub-directory of the one containing the current resource.
* Hyperlink can achieve `anchor` in a page.
